README.md, before:

👋 Hi there 😊

I’m Hana ╰(*°▽°*)╯. I’m introduced to coding since February 2022💻 and resume on June. I’m currently learning html, css (bootstrap), javascript (vue.js, node js, asynchronous js, jquery), python, ui/ux (figma), kotlin📱, back-end, SQL, basic devops intro and linux.👩‍💻  I'm trying to learn a lot of thing in order to grasp my preferrences to focus on. And it means i need to try lots of things in a little bit details to have a clearer picture. Wish me luck!🥷

A Snippet on my Bio: 
- I'm graduated in science stream in 2018, worked in clinical-retail industry👓 for 4 years (i sell my knowledge, service and product) and placed 2nd for 3-minutes-presentation/3MT on my thesis degree(basically, 3MT measure the student's ability to deliver the idea of their study to majority of people in lament term while the examiner/judges is a professional presenter). 
- March-May 2022, (3 months which i rests from coding) i enrolled in mentorship trading class🚀 (learn to buy n sell stocks in bursa malaysia (i don't know yet how to trade global/nasdaq))📈 and i'm a proud lifestyle trader.


What i am looking for:
- I’m looking to collaborate with github community. 
- I'm still practicing to use git correctly (ಥ_ಥ) (crying..). Git is hard but i am surviving👌. 
- Still struggling with installing ubuntu... (´。＿。｀)
- You can reach me at [![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/_Hans999_.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40_Hans999_)](https://twitter.com/_Hans999_)  
(I'm quite active chirping!🙈)


Have a nice day!🌞

<!---
Hanss4869/Hanss4869 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Hans4869)

Commit message:

update bio & add my notion website

README.md, after:

👋 Hi there 😊

I’m Hana ╰(*°▽°*)╯. I’m introduced to coding since February 2022💻 and resume on June. I’m currently learning html, css (bootstrap), javascript (vue.js, node js, asynchronous js, jquery), python, ui/ux (figma), kotlin📱, back-end, SQL, basic devops intro and linux.👩‍💻  I'm trying to learn a lot of thing in order to grasp my preferrences to focus on. And it means i need to try lots of things in a little bit details to have a clearer picture. Wish me luck!🥷

A Snippet on my Bio: 
- I'm dedicated and ambitious self-taught dev/coder? I attached my notion website which you can read more details about me there.
https://www.notion.so/Nurul-Hana-Mohd-Muslih-b19300f27be24f0ab706a75b36215d5a

What i am looking for:
- I’m looking to collaborate with github community. 
- I'm still practicing to use git correctly (ಥ_ಥ) (crying..). Git is hard but i am surviving👌. 
- Still struggling with installing ubuntu... (´。＿。｀)
- You can reach me at [![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/_Hans999_.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20%40_Hans999_)](https://twitter.com/_Hans999_)  
(I'm quite active chirping!🙈)


Have a nice day!🌞

<!---
Hanss4869/Hanss4869 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Hans4869)
